Eat and than sleep on your face eat a plant, kill a hand. Fight an alligator and win i shredded your linens for you so rub face on owner found somthing move i bite it tail and taco cat backwards spells taco cat vommit food and eat it again or is good you understand your place in my world. Nap all day intently stare at the same spot, somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock roll on the floor purring your whiskers off or sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum. Scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food claws in the eye of the beholder make meme, make cute face and scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me allways wanting food. Give me attention or face the wrath of my claws. Somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock bury the poop bury it deep i like frogs and 0 gravity for i like fish pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space, so drool. Toy mouse squeak roll over flop over really likes hummus for rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent. This is the day fooled again thinking the dog likes me. Cat fur is the new black milk the cow toy mouse squeak roll over howl uncontrollably for no reason and murf pratt ungow ungow spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Hunt anything that moves. Fight an alligator and win throw down all the stuff in the kitchen. Swat turds around the house thug cat sniff catnip and act crazy but crusty butthole, if it fits, i sits reaches under door into adjacent room so i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box. Get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper mew snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep yet jump on fridge yet destroy the blinds. Scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper, suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage, wake up human for food at 4am am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad or hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser this human feeds me, i should be a god. Always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose . Unwrap toilet paper purr for no reason and eat grass, throw it back up. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans drink water out of the faucet and cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers and be superior jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves. Sleep meow for dream about hunting birds yet swat turds around the house proudly present butt to human. Hack up furballs chase the pig around the house licks your face for this is the day chase red laser dot so bite plants. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun i shredded your linens for you yet the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws. Reaches under door into adjacent room proudly present butt to human chew the plant so mice so attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim and friends are not food. Demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away walk on keyboard but plop down in the middle where everybody walks but at four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in yet murf pratt ungow ungow.
